hello to all and welcome to this
video of frandroid where we will compare the
4x happiness with phones
competitors under android who are at
same price or with performances that
are a little better on the paper and
we tried to compare in the facts
it's the same thing so 4x
so has the week orridge 4g which is a
phone at 229 euros even though he is
proposed at the moment to 179 euros with
a smell of 50 euros that has a
screen 5 crowd you installs brian 410 and
2 gigas ladies and we also have the
archos 50 dimon who is also
proposed at 200 euros as 4x honor
and who has a processor
snapdragon 615
to note that 4x honor has him a
kirin processor 620 its three
phones are all 3 4g category
4 to compare the most power of
three phones we will realize
first of all a test with in all a
beautiful mark so that's gone we'll see
what are the results for his three
phones
as you can see the test of
hand to highlight that
4x honor is the big winner under
test with 30 1641 points knowing that he
so has a kirin 620 processor
clocked at 1.2 gigahertz and 2 gigabytes
of ram while his main
competitor is the archos 50 dimon
which features only a tricky style 615
clocked at 1.6 ghz with 2 gigas of ram and
we can also notice that yes
thomas m far behind at only 21
1284 point will obviously be his
410 snapdragon processor which is a bit
less powerful than both processors
competing phones
we will now continue with
three of the brands that allows management
in particular the performances of the gpu and the
conjugation of the GPU and CPU on the
phone performance and one surrenders
account for our tests that louis qu
displays about 10 frames per second
while the north is between 15 and 20
frames per second and finally the archos
displays up to 60 frames per second
so it feels commitment on the
fluidity of the video on the archos who
is the video is very fluid ya no
jerks while on the
the honor is the same also the test
rather fluid while on the yes
when we really see that image there
is perhaps not necessarily see the screen
at home but we really see that it
jerks a little to the final result the yes
that shows a score of 2676 which is
a little weak compared to both
other phones since the north 4 x
goes up to 3827 so we 're fine
startle compared to the numbers of
the image per second that displayed it in
more compared to ricoh and then there the
bow 50 dimon went well above
of his two friends since he shows 7
1658 so that's going a big score which is
much more important than the two
competitors here is a last benchmark
to study the processors of the
different geekbench phones 3 we get
realize that the yes that is still a
times far behind with a score for a
single heart of 479 while 4x honor
poster 542 and the archos 675 the honor
4x is much closer to
archos performance in multi version
core where they display almost 2200
against 2448 for the archos let's go
now to a test of the power of the
4g network with 4g brand application
which will allow us to test the
differences between the different
appliances
the signal strength and the power
of the debit to note that his three
phones have all three
of a telecom chip Bouygues que alger that
we are doing a test in paris intra
muros and so what appears is that
the yes corric 4g shows a score of
4.84 megabit per second while the
4x black top shows a throughput of 14.33
megabits per second what is a
more than yes while while the archos 50
dimon has a score of 2.76 megabit
per second so that's enough
bad it's much worse than the
two other phones we want to see
that north 4 6 and a phone that has
is doing very well and better than his two
direct competitors
now we will try to understand
why this phone picks up a little better
so you can see here the north lot 4
x has a bm -84 while
competitors
darcos has as for yvonne is a minus 87
and the wiko reach 4g to -91 that means
this figure this means that the more the
close to zero plus the phone is going
well capture the Quebec antenna is the
closer
that is, better and will capture more
it can have a significant flow even
if they stay within the limits
theoretical of the flow that he may have
that is, a phone that lto-4
gorica you will not be able to have a
greater power than
phone that category 6 for example
but it will be better than others
category 4 phones so how
that is possible
it comes from an element is that already
firstly the 4 x honor has
technology
lds ie the antennas are
engraved directly on the plastic of
the hull inside so not on
the item you can remove but
seldom on the element where you insert
your your sim card
yeah yeah ok the parent of north
has a specific patent on this
technology
lds or in fact they will use the two
different modes so there is a mode ifa
and a cloud mode and huawei brought together
two teeth
in a soil that allows better capture
after testing the calquer on the to
honor 4x the yes corric 4g and the archos
50 dimon
we tested the gadget against 4x and
the galaxy sii is the asus henson of
why this phone unlike the
week at the ritz 4g and hoarau 50 dimon who
were both 4g phones
category 4 the galaxy sii and luc adjÃ ©
category 6 while the iphone asus of
oil category 4 but it has
zts technology that allows for better
capture as on the honor 4x so we
will be able to compare on two phones
who have technologies so well
unlike the 4x 9 which features the
technology lds that aggregates both a
fashion nor makeup and a fashion we asus
deficiencies of this technology
so he should be unavailable at
level of performance that we tested that
right now
the 4x honor is still with the
honors with a score of 16 0 3 while
that at this young woman 's poster a
figure of 13.71 megabit per second is
that the samsung galaxy s 600 displays a
score of 9.37 megabit per second so
4x honor is really very good on
galaxy ace 6 we realize that the
signal strength it is minus 89 db
m while the 4x honor and tackle -82
dbm is the asus n fun ii and ac - 91
dbm we have andorre 4x which seems better
capture the cadec competitors
expect the same conditions with the same
operator
it's all three like everything to
flea hour 4g kick them out when
even in conclusion we can say that
4x honor your iphone which is very
competitive for a product that is
proposed at least 1,200 euros
he has just a few small weaknesses
it would seem on the party
chart will it still remain a
product that is very competitive and which
is way above a snapdragon
410 and above all it's a good surprise
at the 4g level because even though
is not that they were killing category 6
which has a category 4 that seems
work very well and that compared to
other phones that are even
phones in version 4g category 6
this break of performances that are
quite equivalent to even seeing
sometimes at the top so stop a
phone that is very interesting and
which will certainly be interesting to
follow in the future